#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   facebook-business
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   fastapi
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
authlib==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-logic
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-web
azure-core==1.29.6
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-mgmt-core
    #   msrest
azure-identity==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-core==1.4.0
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-logic
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-web
azure-mgmt-logic==10.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-resource==23.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-web==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via passlib
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   linkedin-api
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   hubspot-api-client
    #   msrest
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via readability-lxml
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   uvicorn
cryptography==43.0.3
    # via
    #   authlib
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
    #   python-jose
cssselect==1.3.0
    # via readability-lxml
curlify==3.0.0
    # via facebook-business
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via python-jose
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
facebook-business==23.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
fake-useragent==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.104.1
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
google-ads==21.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ads
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.108.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth==2.25.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ads
google-generativeai==0.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-ads
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   google-ads
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via
    #   google-ads
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hf-xet==1.1.5
    # via huggingface-hub
html5lib==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.25.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notion-client
    #   openai
hubspot-api-client==12.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
huggingface-hub==0.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   msrest
isort==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
linkedin-api==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
loguru==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml[html-clean]==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   linkedin-api
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   python-docx
    #   python-pptx
    #   readability-lxml
lxml-html-clean==0.4.2
    # via lxml
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msal==1.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.1.0
    # via azure-identity
msgraph-core==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
msrest==0.7.1
    # via azure-mgmt-logic
multidict==6.6.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
notion-client==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
openai==1.97.1
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   msal-extensions
    #   pytest
    #   transformers
pandas==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
passlib[bcrypt]==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
phonenumbers==9.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.3.0
    # via python-pptx
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via black
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via msal-extensions
propcache==0.3.2
    # via yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ads
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
protobuf==4.25.8
    # via
    #   google-ads
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycountry==24.6.1
    # via facebook-business
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.14.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
pypdf2==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
pytest-asyncio==0.21.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hubspot-api-client
    #   pandas
    #   twitter-ads
python-docx==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-jose[cryptography]==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
python-pptx==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ads
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
    #   twitter-ads
    #   uvicorn
readability-lxml==0.8.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   curlify
    #   facebook-business
    #   google-api-core
    #   hubspot-api-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   linkedin-api
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tiktok-business-api
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   msrest
    #   twitter-ads
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   python-jose
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   ecdsa
    #   facebook-business
    #   html5lib
    #   hubspot-api-client
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
starlette==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tiktok-business-api==1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
tokenizers==0.21.2
    # via transformers
torch==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   transformers
transformers==4.53.3
    # via -r requirements.in
twitter-ads==11.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiosignal
    #   azure-core
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-docx
    #   python-pptx
    #   torch
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   hubspot-api-client
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
validators==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
websockets==15.0.1
    # via uvicorn
xlsxwriter==3.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-pptx
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
